In the week to week dependency project I explored the ability for past weeks to predict future weeks outcome. I used python to code this project as I found it very easy to use and easy to read when writing this code. In this projeect, I took the approach of gathering the dates over two week periods over and over again for a certain stock to attain 10 years worth of data. I then would gather the market caps on each of these dates to find the growth over time for each. I then sorted them into 5 categories based on their performances over the first week. These categories were very negative (-5% or worse), negative (-5% to -1%), neutral (-1% to 1%), positive (1% to 5%), and very positive (5% and above). I then found for each the expected counts for positive following weeks given their performance (using their average positive rate and multiplying it by the sample sizes of each data set). I then compared this with the obeserved counts for each data set using a chi squared test for association to see if the previous weeks result would statistically significantly have an effect on the probability of getting a positive week the following week. I made this code easily mutable so that you can change the dates (to whatever you consider a relevant period) and the stock of interest (to whatever stock you are currently tracking). For this example, Ford, the test resulted in a P value of 0.3597 and thus was not statistically significant. However, it is important to note that this code can be used for any and every stock at any time. I will surely be using this now and in the future to find a statistically signifcant stocks and trade off it. 
